[Music]
millennium project seeks married couples
to participate in a 30-day research
study
Peyman $50,000 we don't even know what
this is I can assure you where it was a
group of romantics who I must confess I
[Music]
hope you all enjoy your stay here
welcome to orientation I'm your handler
it's a pleasure to make your
acquaintance these headsets will record
your brainwaves as we discuss your
experiences over the next month
hopefully leading us to uncover the
truth behind the honeymoon phase I love
hello he's not the man you think yes I
love that trip don't my Photoshop doing
ever since we got to this house things
I've felt oh if you can't trust me maybe
our relationship isn't strong enough and
informed that you've been experiencing
paranoid delusions from your file I
didn't think you'd make it past the
first week what do you say how do you
know it wasn't real
to calm down she's manipulating us
running away
love you and you weren't above meat
[Music]
you